Toniof update store conv (#346)
dcs4cop/xcube: docs/source/storeconv.md

While an opener is free to define any open parameters for any of its datasets,
there are some common parameters which are likely to be used by the majority
of datasets. Also, there are some parameters which are fundamental for the 
description of a dataset and therefore MUST be included in a schema 
(these parameters are denoted explicitly in the list below). In case that an 

> opener does not support varying values of one of these parameters, a constant 
> value must be set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
opener does not support varying values of one of these parameters, a constant 
value must defined. This may be achieved by the JSON schema's `const` property 
or by an `enum` property whose value is a one-element array.
```
